Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?
Using HTML elements/class names that are descriptive of what those elements are doing. 

2. What is the box model?
Each HTML element can be seen as a box, and the box model views each element as a box that has properties of: Margins, borders, padding, and the actual content.

3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?
An element can only have one ID.
IDs are intended to be unique to a particular element.
Classes can be re-used.
An element can have multiple classes.

4. What does the z-index do?
Determines which box is on top, eg, if two elements both cover the same part of a page, the one with the higher z-index will display in the overlapping area.

5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?
'this' is a reference to the object that invoked the function that is being run.

6. What is a callback?
A function that is passed in as an argument in a function call.

7. What is a closure?
A closure is where a function or object is returned from a function, which allows access to the function variables, even after the function has been invoked.

8. How does prototype work?
A prototype is a variable that is defined for all objects of a type. This variable can be a reference to a function, eg, the prototype functions available for all arrays.
A prototype can be declared by the command:
objectName.prototype.functionName=function(){...}

9. What is MVC?
Model-View-Controller. It's a programming paradigm that suggests a method to modularize code:
The model is view-independent, it stores and manipulates data. With Angular, this would be the service.
The controller works between the model and the view. It gets the data from the model and sends it to the view, and takes data from the view and can send it to the model to be processed.
The view is the way that the data is output.

10. What is the component lifecycle?
In React, component lifecycle refers to the functions that are called when a component is put on or removed from the DOM.
When a component is put on the dom, the functions that are called, in order, are:
GetDefaultProps
GetInitialState
ComponentWillMount
Render
ComponentDidMount

And when removing it:
componentWillUnmount

11. What is REST?
It stands for Representational State Transfer
It is stateless, meaning that the server doesn't maintain internal storage based on the user

12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express
A body:
	Found at req.body, the key-value pairs are sent in a JSON object.
Parameters:
	Found at req.params. The parameter names are declared on the api endpoint statement, eg:
	app.get('/api/getDetails/:personId,...); and the values are passed in as part of the URL.
Queries Found at req.query. Declared in the URL in the format '/api/endpoint?key1=value1&key2=value2'

create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:
select * from users

-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':
insert into users(name, email) values ('your name','fake@fake.com')

-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':
update users set name='Bobby Boy' where name='your name' and email='fake@fake.com'

-Delete the newly updated user:
delete users where name='Bobby Boy' and email='fake@fake.com'